Param validators (#4334)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/01-routing.md

> `src/routes/a/[...rest]/z.svelte` will match `/a/z` as well as `/a/b/z` and `/a/b/c/z` and so on. Make sure you check that the value of the rest parameter is valid.

#### Validation

> A route like `src/routes/archive/[page]` would match `/archive/3`, but it would also match `/archive/potato`. We don't want that. You can ensure that route parameters are well-formed by adding _validators_ to your [`params`](/docs/configuration#files) directory...

Author: Perhaps this, rather than adding a comment to the code sample (which feels a bit duplicative with the type annotation):

```suggestion
A route like `src/routes/archive/[page]` would match `/archive/3`, but it would also match `/archive/potato`. We don't want that. You can ensure that route parameters are well-formed by adding a _validator_ — which takes the parameter string (`"3"` or `"potato"`) and returns `true` if it is valid — to your [`params`](/docs/configuration#files) directory...
```

Reviewer: I thought about something like this, too, at first, but didn't find a concise way to write it out - I like the way you phrased it 👍

> A route like `src/routes/archive/[page]` would match `/archive/3`, but it would also match `/archive/potato`. We don't want that. You can ensure that route parameters are well-formed by adding _validators_ to your [`params`](/docs/configuration#files) directory...

Author: I updated `configuration.md`

```js
/// file: src/params/integer.js
/** @type {import('@sveltejs/kit').ParamValidator} */
export function validate(param) {

> 	return /^\d+$/.test(param);

Reviewer: Reading this through the lens of someone who didn't follow the discussion, the given documentation might be a little too short. This additional comment might help.

```suggestion
	// A validator is a function that returns a `boolean` indicating if a given route parameter is valid.
	return /^\d+$/.test(param);
```
